Update 5x API docs with missing 4x changes (#1886)
expressjs/expressjs.com: _includes/api/en/5x/res-cookie.md

Reviewer: Change 'Sets cookie `name` to `value`.' to 'Sets the cookie with the specified `name` to the given `value`.' line no. 3

|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `domain`      | String | Domain name for the cookie. Defaults to the domain name of the app.
| `encode`      | Function | A synchronous function used for cookie value encoding. Defaults to `encodeURIComponent`.
| `expires`     | Date | Expiry date of the cookie in GMT. If not specified or set to 0, creates a session cookie.
| `httpOnly`    | Boolean | Flags the cookie to be accessible only by the web server.
| `maxAge`      | Number | Convenient option for setting the expiry time relative to the current time in milliseconds.
| `path`        | String | Path for the cookie. Defaults to "/".
| `partitioned` | Boolean | Indicates that the cookie should be stored using partitioned storage. See [Cookies Having Independent Partitioned State (CHIPS)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Privacy/Partitioned_cookies) for more details.
| `priority`    | String | Value of the "Priority" **Set-Cookie** attribute.
| `secure`      | Boolean | Marks the cookie to be used with HTTPS only.
| `signed`      | Boolean | Indicates if the cookie should be signed.

> | `sameSite`    | Boolean or String | Value of the "SameSite" **Set-Cookie** attribute. More information at [https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-cookie-same-site-00#section-4.1.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-cookie-same-site-00#section-4.1.1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sameSite`    | Boolean or String | Value of the "SameSite" **Set-Cookie** attribute. See [SameSite cookie specifications](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-cookie-same-site-00#section-4.1.1) for more details.
```
